[Music]
this is a movie recap named halloween
kills
it's a horror movie from 2021
this is a sequel to the film series that
came out in 1978 and 2018.
in the beginning we are seeing that a
police officer was wounded by the killer
michael meyer
also known as an apex predator or
boobyman
in 1978 he had his first conflict with
him when he could not defend his friend
and shot him by mistake
tommy is one of the survivors who
escaped the attack from michael
tonight is the special halloween night
tommy is telling the story of murders
back in the day
in this scene we can see how everyone is
frightened and scared and they respect
him
after that he introduces us to the other
survivors
lindsay her babysitter was executed
marion survived an assault
and lonnie who was lucky to survive
meyer is also unkillable they tried to
burn him shoot him and stabbed him with
a knife but he is still who he is
that night when he was supposed to die
in the flame firefighters helped the
situation a lot
suddenly the floor collapsed and the
firefighter fell through the hole
he isn't happy about that and michael
couldn't help himself
a friend of his is going to help by
giving his hand and michael approves
not long after he went outside and
killed all the firefighters without
mercy
the next victims were a couple who took
playing with the drone in the house
michael doesn't like that it's
interesting that every victim is curious
about how their meeting with michael
will end
but it's always the same end because
they didn't invite him to dinner
meanwhile cameron calls his father on
the phone to tell him that bad things
are happening again on this very night
pops found out about the murder and were
in shock because many were dead
then it all started airing on tv where
we found out there were a few more
murders and two patients escaped from
the local hospital the doctor and the
nurse decided to go home after the bad
news but it wasn't exactly the best idea
because someone hid in their car
they thought he was michael but he was
just a patient who had recently escaped
from the hospital big john and little
john are a couple living in the house
where michael lived before
they are getting ready for this special
night
there was a daughter karen and a
granddaughter alison in the hospital
with lori when they found out that
michael is alive
he survived their assassination attempt
her boyfriend cameron is here
they plan to team up to eliminate the
big player michael
it looks like they aren't playing around
as tommy gathers as many people as he
can
there are children outside in the dark
alone playing lindsay tried to warn them
to go home
and then they saw that their friend was
killed
they all tried to run but michael
manages to slaughter the whole squad who
came after him
as we can see michael never speaks with
the victim asking them about their life
or if they need some help we can
conclude that he is not very
communicative fortunately lindsay
survived by hiding well they took her to
a hospital full of unfortunate events
karen said to tommy michael would come
to the hospital so they prepared and
chased the wrong person because they
thought it was him
karen helped him to hide but eventually
the patient committed suicide
big john and little john wander around
the house because someone broke in but
only michael has returned home and big
john is no longer available little john
shared the same fate
cameron went to michael's house with his
father and girlfriend to put an end to
it
dad went first with a weapon they heard
the shot and went after him but it was
already late he is done cameron tried to
fight him but he was too weak and failed
to fight in the end
alison is screaming
she was almost done then her mother
appears takes him down and took off his
mask not long after he got up chasing
karen
they caught him in a trap
and beat him with everything they had
but in the end he got up again like he
was sleeping
and killed them all
karen later visited his house and ended
up the same as the others
what we have noticed is in other films
is that it is impossible to kill him
but they don't give up on that idea
in the end david gordon green directed a
disturbing thrill ride for fans to enjoy
[Music]
your love is like
you wanna change